Convert `DllImport` uses to `LibraryImport` (#40822)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/charset.md

---
title: Charsets and marshalling - .NET
description: Learn how different values of CharSet can change how .NET marshals your data to native code.
ms.date: 04/08/2024
---

# Charsets and marshalling

> In .NET 7+, `[LibraryImport]` is the recommendation and an in-box Roslyn Analyzer will provide user guidance. When using `[DllImport]`, this guidance must be manually followed.

Reviewer: The current wording is a bit indirect.

```suggestion
The following guidance is for `[DllImport]` use and must be manually followed for correct results. .NET 7+ users should consider using `[LibraryImport]` instead. A Roslyn analyzer (enabled by default) will provide the guidance required by the specific `[LibraryImport]` attributes in your code.
```

> The following guidance is for `[DllImport]` use and must be manually followed for correct results. .NET 7+ users should consider using `[LibraryImport]` instead. A Roslyn analyzer (enabled by default) will provide the guidance required by the specific `[LibraryImport]` attributes in your code.

Author: Done.
